TODO:

Outright Bugs:
When Channel DB is missing, it prompts you to select a folder...
  Then prompts again to find Channels.csv

Changing Unit Number on Controller Edit should update the 'BadAddress' and show or hide the red box accordingly

Returning from Controller Edit when unit is changed, the new address is correct in the tree, but the unit number is not updated

At startup, either
   disable all buttons, or select first universe, set universe button to 'Edit', and controller button to 'Add', channel disabled.

Universe button should always be enabled.  Say edit only if a universe is selected, otherwise add

? File-Save should say "File Saved!" in status bard

? When choosing a controller, add the unit number when displaying in the status bar
    But not address

? Universes are showing their full name TWICE in the tree

? When selecting universe, display name and location (currently does only location)

Delete key to delete universes, controllers, channels, after confirmation of course

? Don't show 'Settings have changed' msgbox when using OK or Cancel (on chan, ctl, uni)

Controllers: When switching brand FROM lor, re-eanble the output count numOutputs

Controllers: Move 'Last DMX channel' label up/over by start and output count


Controller Form not showing Unit Number when it is a LOR Controller
Changes to Start Address not being saved
'Bad' box around start address not going away when (duplicate) Start address is changed (to non duplicate)
Controller Form asking about adding channels when it shouldn't

 Close dirty frmList should say "Items" (or something) instead of just "Channels"


Improvements:
Minimize Universe, Controller, Channel - Should minimize parent/owner frmList
  Works, but upon restore the child form is no longer visible

  Need DeviceTypes viewer/editor

  Channels button on ctlr form should open an EDITABLE list of controllers

  Delete Backup
    copy old data to backup
    write new data to temp file
    safecopy new data to data folder

  Make "File Saved!" msg on status panel blink a few times after saving
  
  File Management Dialog
    Change data folder location
